LangFA_errors = """
Add: Conjunction -  Omission of conjunctions to link sentences or clauses: Incorrect: "He didn't study he failed the exam." Correct: "He didn't study, so he failed the exam." (A conjunction is needed to show the cause-effect relationship), 

Add: Determiner - Omission of determiners, such as articles, quantifiers, and possessive determiners:Incorrect: "She bought apple and orange." Correct: "She bought an apple and an orange." (Articles "an" are needed for singular nouns), 

Add: Particle - Omission of particles, especially in phrasal verbs: Incorrect: "She looked up the dictionary." Correct: "She looked up the word in the dictionary." (The object placement in the phrasal verb is incorrect),

Add: Preposition - Omission of prepositions, leading to grammatical errors: Incorrect: "She is good math." Correct: "She is good at math." ("Good at" is the correct prepositional phrase in this context),

Add: Punctuation - Punctuation - Incorrect or missing punctuation marks that change the meaning: Incorrect: "Let's eat grandma." Correct: "Let's eat, grandma." (The comma clarifies that the speaker is addressing "grandma" rather than suggesting cannibalism)

Add: Contraction - Omission of contractions, leading to confusion: Incorrect: "Its raining today." Correct: "Its raining today." ("Its" is possessive, while "it's" is the contraction for "it is"),

Add: Possessive - Incorrect use of possessive forms ('s or s'): Incorrect: "The dogs bone was lost." Correct: "The dog's bone was lost." ("Dog's" shows possession correctly),

Remove: Conjunction - Incorrect use of conjunctions to link sentences or clauses: Incorrect: "Although it was cold outside, but I still went for a walk." Correct: "Although it was cold outside, I still went for a walk." ('Although' and 'but' are redundant together.),

Remove: Determiner - Incorrect use of determiners, such as articles, quantifiers, and possessive determiners: Incorrect: "I love the nature." Correct: "I love nature." ("Nature" is uncountable and does not typically take the definite article "the"),

Remove: Possessive - Incorrect use of possessive forms ('s or s'): Incorrect: "The dog wagged it's tail." Correct: "The dog wagged its tail." ("Its" is the possessive form, while "it's" is the contraction for "it is");

Remove: Space - Missing or extra spaces between words or punctuation: Incorrect: "I went tothe park." Correct: "I went to the park." (A missing space between "to" and "the"),

Replace: Adjective - Incorrect or inappropriate use of adjectives, such as using the wrong form (comparative, superlative): Incorrect: "She is more prettier than her sister." Correct: "She is prettier than her sister." ("More" is unnecessary because "prettier" is already in its comparative form); Incorrect: "He is a very sensible player." Correct: "He is a very sensitive player." ("Sensitive" is the appropriate term depending on context),

Replace: Adverb - Incorrect use of adverbs, such as using an adjective instead of an adverb: Incorrect: "He runs quick." Correct: "He runs quickly." ("Quick" is an adjective, but "quickly" is the correct adverb form to describe the verb "runs"),

Replace: Conjunction - Incorrect use of conjunctions to link sentences or clauses: Incorrect: "She is intelligent or beautiful." Correct: "She is intelligent and beautiful." ("Or" implies a choice, which isn't appropriate here),

Replace: Determiner - Incorrect use of determiners, such as articles, quantifiers, and possessive determiners: Incorrect: "I need few help with this problem." Correct: "I need a little help with this problem." ("A little" is the correct quantifier for uncountable nouns like "help");

Replace: Noun - Incorrect noun forms, including pluralization or uncountable nouns: Incorrect: "I have many homeworks." Correct: "I have a lot of homework." ("Homework" is uncountable and cannot take a plural form),

Replace: Particle - Incorrect use of particles, especially in phrasal verbs: Incorrect: "Nearly 50 percent of adults fall under this category." Correct: "Nearly 50 percent of adults fall into this category." ("Fall into" is the correct phrasal verb to describe categorization),

Replace: Preposition - Incorrect prepositions, leading to grammatical errors: Incorrect: "She is good in math." Correct: "She is good at math." ("Good at" is the correct prepositional phrase in this context),

Replace: Pronoun - Incorrect pronoun usage, including unclear references or agreement issues: Incorrect: "Each student must bring their book." Correct: "Each student must bring his or her book." ("His or her" agrees with the singular subject "student"),

Replace: Capitalisation - Incorrect use of uppercase and lowercase letters, especially for proper nouns and sentence beginnings: Incorrect: "i went to paris last summer." Correct: "I went to Paris last summer." (Proper nouns like "Paris" and sentence beginnings require capitalization),

Replace: Word/Phrase - Miscellaneous errors that don't fit other categories: Incorrect: "I enjoy to the fullest life." Correct: "I enjoy life to the fullest." (Reordering the sentence is necessary for natural phrasing),

Replace: Spelling - Incorrect spelling of words, affecting comprehension: Incorrect: "She recieved a letter." Correct: "She received a letter." ("Received" is the correct spelling),

Replace: Word Order - Incorrect word order, making sentences sound unnatural or confusing: Incorrect: "She always is late." Correct: "She is always late." ("Always" should come after the verb "is"),

Replace: Verb Form - Incorrect verb form (including gerunds/infinitives): Incorrect: "I look forward to meet you." Correct: "I look forward to meeting you." ("Meeting" is the correct gerund form after "look forward to"),

Replace: Subject-Verb Agreement - Incorrect verb agreement: Incorrect: "She have a car." Correct: "She has a car." ("Have" does not agree with the singular subject "She"),

Collocation: Suggestion - Incorrect pairing of words that do not naturally go together in English: Incorrect: "She made a big effort." Correct: "She made a great effort." ("Great" collocates naturally with "effort" in English)

Sentence: Fragment - Errors related to sentence structure, such as fragments or run-ons: Incorrect: "When I arrived. I saw him." Correct: "When I arrived, I saw him." (A dependent clause cannot stand alone as a sentence)

"""

ELLB_20 = """
Adjective - Incorrect or inappropriate use of adjectives, such as using the wrong form (comparative, superlative): Incorrect: "She is more prettier than her sister." Correct: "She is prettier than her sister.",

Adverb - Incorrect use of adverbs, such as using an adjective instead of an adverb: Incorrect: "He runs quick." Correct: "He runs quickly.",

Capitalisation/ case - Incorrect use of uppercase and lowercase letters, especially for proper nouns and sentence beginnings: Incorrect: "i went to paris last summer." Correct: "I went to Paris last summer.",

Collocation - Incorrect pairing of words that do not naturally go together in English: Incorrect: "She made a big effort." Correct: "She made a great effort.",

Conjunction - Incorrect use or omission of conjunctions to link sentences or clauses. Incorrect: "Although it was cold outside, but I still went for a walk." Correct: "Although it was cold outside, I still went for a walk.",

Contraction - Incorrect use or omission of contractions, leading to confusion: Incorrect: "Its raining today." Correct: "It’s raining today.",

Determiner - Incorrect use or omission of determiners, such as articles, quantifiers and possessive determiners (e.g., a, an, the, much, many, my, your). Incorrect: "I love the nature." Correct: "I love nature.",

Noun - Incorrect noun forms, including pluralisation or uncountable nouns: Incorrect: "I have many homeworks." Correct: "I have a lot of homework.",

Other - Miscellaneous errors that don’t fit other categories: Incorrect: "I enjoy to the fullest life." Correct: "I enjoy life to the fullest.",

Particle - Incorrect use of particles, especially in phrasal verbs. Incorrect: "Please fill the form before leaving." Correct: "Please fill out the form before leaving.",

Possessive - Incorrect use of possessive forms (’s or s’). Incorrect: "The dog wagged it's tail." Correct: "The dog wagged its tail.",

Preposition - Incorrect or missing prepositions, leading to grammatical errors: Incorrect: "She is good in math." Correct: "She is good at math.",

Pronoun - Incorrect pronoun usage, including unclear references or agreement issues. Incorrect: "Each student must bring their book." Correct: "Each student must bring his or her book.",

Punctuation - Incorrect or missing punctuation marks that change the meaning. Incorrect: "Let’s eat Grandma." Correct: "Let’s eat, Grandma.",

Sentence - Errors related to sentence structure, such as fragments or run-ons: Incorrect: "When I arrived. I saw him." Correct: "When I arrived, I saw him.",

Space - Missing or extra spaces between words or punctuation: Incorrect: "I went tothe park." Correct: "I went to the park.",

Spelling - Incorrect spelling of words, affecting comprehension: Incorrect: "She recieved a letter." Correct: "She received a letter.",

Verb - Incorrect verb tense, agreement, or form (including gerunds/infinitives). Incorrect: "I look forward to meet you." Correct: "I look forward to meeting you.",

Word choice - Using an incorrect or suboptimal word that does not fit the context. Incorrect: "He is a criminal who has alluded capture." Correct: "He is a criminal who has eluded capture.",

Word order - Incorrect word order, making sentences sound unnatural or confusing: Incorrect: "She always is late." Correct: "She is always late."
"""

biology_errors = """
Misconception of Process - Fundamental misunderstanding of the biological process (e.g., thinking photosynthesis occurs at night),  
Incomplete Explanation - Provides an incomplete or partial elaboration of a biological concept,  
Incorrect Sequence - Describes a biological process in the wrong order (e.g., incorrect stages of mitosis or meiosis),  
Lack of Specificity - Uses vague language or fails to specify key details (e.g., not mentioning ' active transport' when describing how ions move through membranes),  
Wrong Function - Assigns the wrong function to an organ, structure, or cell component (e.g., stating that the liver filters blood like the kidneys),  
Overgeneralization - Applies a concept too broadly (e.g., assuming all organisms undergo respiration the same way),  
Confusion Between Terms - Confuses two related but distinct biological terms (e.g., meiosis vs. mitosis, genotype vs. phenotype),  
Mislabeling - Mislabels a diagram, graph, or biological structure (e.g., labeling an artery as a vein in a circulatory system diagram),  
Wrong Unit of Measurement - Uses the wrong unit to express a biological quantity (e.g., using kilograms instead of grams for body mass),  
Misinterpretation of Graphs - Misreads or misinterprets data from a biological graph or chart (e.g., mixing up dependent and independent variables in experimental results),  
Incorrect Calculation - Makes an error in a biological calculation (e.g., calculating magnification incorrectly in microscopy),  
Incorrect Cause-Effect - Incorrectly explains the cause and effect in biological processes (e.g., stating that heart rate slows during exercise instead of increasing),  
Failure to Link Concepts - Fails to connect related concepts (e.g., not linking the role of enzymes to digestion in the stomach),  
Misunderstanding of Scale - Misunderstands biological scales (e.g., confusing cell sizes with organism sizes or misrepresenting the scale of ecosystems),  
Overcomplication - Provides an overly complex explanation where a simpler, more direct one is correct,  
Misidentification - Identifies the wrong species, tissue, or cell type in a question (e.g., confusing plant cells for animal cells in a diagram),  
Irrelevant Information - Includes irrelevant information that does not answer the question or address the biological concept,  
Incomplete Comparison - Makes an incomplete comparison between biological concepts (e.g., not fully explaining differences between aerobic and anaerobic respiration),  
Misuse of Terminology - Uses biological terminology incorrectly (e.g., using 'diffusion' instead of 'osmosis' in the context of water movement)
"""
full_59_error_AFA_returns = [{'annotation': 'efficient', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Adverb'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'that', 'error_tag': 'Remove: Word/Phrase'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'reply', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Preposition'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'me', 'error_tag': 'Add: Word/Phrase'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'classmates', 'error_tag': 'Add: Possessive'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'remember', 'error_tag': 'Add: Particle'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'be', 'error_tag': 'Add: Word/Phrase'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'but', 'error_tag': 'Remove: Conjunction'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'using', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Preposition'}, 
                       {'annotation': "It's", 'error_tag': 'Replace: Contraction'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'of', 'error_tag': 'Remove: Preposition'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'researches', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Noun'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'a', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Determiner'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'collage', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Spelling'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'lend', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Verb Form'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'Them', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Pronoun'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'It', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Capitalisation'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'can', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Verb Form'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'cant', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Spelling'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'I’m', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Capitalisation'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'thought', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Noun'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'i', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Capitalisation'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'suprised', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Spelling'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'granted', 'error_tag': 'Add: Word/Phrase'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'hours', 'error_tag': 'Add: Word/Phrase'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'knows', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Verb Form'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'overcomed', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Verb Form'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'eat', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Verb Form'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'lesser', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Adjective'}, 
                       {'annotation': 'laughters', 'error_tag': 'Replace: Noun'}]