Have you ever had an embarassing incident? One that, in spite of however many days, months, or even years that have passed, you are still subject to experiencing the agony of recalling that memory? Fortunately, you are not alone, at the very least. Every man, woman, or child under the sun absolutely has one story they would rather forget. Be that as it may, recalling the past is an inherent ability that we, as humans are gifted with. It is in our nature to remember. However, there are also times where our past hampers our ability to move onward. For instance, a failure may deter an olympian from ever participating in a sports event again, even if it would have taken just one last hopeful attempt for them to win it all. With this in mind, I would like to discuss today, why I think it is more crucial to focus on the possibilities of the future, rather than the regretful sorrows that transpired in the past. To begin, I would like to make one thing clear. Our past does not, will not, and will never define who we are or limit what we can accomplish. On the contrary, I believe that it is the anguish and pain from our pasts that empower us to become greater than those who will never have that experience. For example, did you know that the world-renowned athlete, Michael Jordan, was kicked out of his highschool basketball team? It is a truely bewildering occurance to think that he could still find the will to persevere. All it took was for him to not focus on the past, but instead, use that failure to fuel his determination. And to persevere, and push on like Michael Jordan did the type of mindset that we should adopt when we think of an unfortunate past. Secondly, we, as individuals bound to the constant passage of time, can only affect the future. If that is so, then why should you, or anyone for that matter, ever spare a thought for the things in the past that you would rather leave in the past? The future is yours to mold. The future is the only changing constant that mankind can strive to change for the benefit of tomorrow. Lastly, concentrating your efforts on the future can help to make you more goal-oriented and determined. Moreover, it can maximize your productivity so that you can make the most of your time. For instance, Elon Musk, a billionaire, said that most of his time on weekdays, and weekends even, are spent working to improve his products, such as the famous Tesla, an electric car brand. As a result, he does not have spend significant time on hobbies or other things that do not help him achieve his goals. Focusing on the future to attain your goals could make you a billionaire someday, as well. At the end of the day, the past is locked in place. We can grieve and remember the past, but you should make a conscious effort to never take the past as a reminder of negative or unproductive things. Instead, use it to propel and empower yourself to the feats that you seek to attain in your future. Only then, are we truly living our lives.