Annoyed and angry. That was what I felt before learning that my best friend had an accident and was in the hospital. "Finally! Today is the day to meet up with Parker!" I shouted with joy as I beamed from ear to ear. Parker and I were bossom buddies. We have been through thick and thin together and were as close as a hand and a glove. Our bond was unbreakable, until Parker had to leave and go to America. We both had set a date to meet up a few months later. His family was coming back to France, and so was he! We agreed to meet up at my parents restaurant. However, I had a long wait. Parker Bruno was late. He was never late, he was the most puntural person I knew. I then decided to call him after an hour. But he did not pick up, so I gave him a voice mail. "Parker! Where in the world are you? I have waited for an hour but you never appeared! Please don't tell me that you had forgotten our promise and bailed!" I said with anger boiling in me, as I drank my drink and sat at the table. Just then, Parker's mother called. "Michael!" she said. Mrs Bruno was crying. "Michael! Parker is in the hospital, he had an accident on the way to your familys restaurant," she sobbed. I stood rooted to the ground, shocked. My anger dispersed quickly as I pry the details from Mrs Bruno. "What! Parker was in an accident? Oh, I told him to be careful as he was driving in the wee hours! Which hospital is he in? I will go there now," I said. "He is at the France International Hospital." Mrs Bruno said. Without a second thought, I got into my car and rushed to the hospital. As I got out of my car, I saw Mrs Bruno waiting outside. We both quickly went up to Parker's ward. As I opened the door, strings of confetti rained on me. I was in utter shock! There stood Parker, all safe and sound. "Parker! I thought you were in an accident!" I shouted, clearly annoyed. "Hello to you to Michael. I was not, however, in an accident. Do you remember our promise that we made?" Parker said with a sly smile. Just then, it all dawned to me when I recalled. "Michael! Lets make a promise. After a few months, we will meet up and I promised you that you will chase after me!" Parker, a few months ago said. Tears blurred my vision as I send him of at the airport. Until now, he is still as sly as a fox. I smiled adoringly and gathered him into a hug. "I missed you," I said lovingly. "I miss you to," he replied. That long wait I had to experience was worth it. Today is 20th of July that I will remember forever. 
