Many children seem to be glued to their phones, without having a time limit. They normally use their phones in the night, which causes to sleep late. Phones can be very addictive as there is games, and even youtube, just to let children enjoy their time. This causes them to be unable to focus in class, as they will not have enough sleep. hence, parents should actually put a limit to their children's time on electronic devices. Firstly, using all these electronic devices without any time limit will lead to any of the children's eyesight to spoil. When using too much electronic devices, like phones and tabllets, the chances of the eyes getting spoilt is quite high, as the brightness level is normally hugh, and children like to put the phones and tablets at leat just 15 cm awaty only, and that is not so far. If the brightness level is high, it is very risky. Hence, when children do niot have a time limit for using their electronic device, they will uncotrollably use their device, until their eyesight power will slowly worsen. Secondly, students wont be able to focus in class well, which will cause them to lack information that is teached in class. This is because they will not have enough sleep, due to them spending much time on their phones at night. Normally, children who dont feel tired at night, will use their phone until late night, and when they see the time, they become suprised as it would become too late, after they watch youtube and play games. Hence, without the time limit, the children will use their phone till they do not have enoough sleep, Lastly, children in future will not be focusing more on the amount of sleep they get, as they will get used to the the huge amount of time they use on their electronic device. In future, children might continue to sleep late, and lack the amount of sleep needed, which will lead to failure in future. Hence, it is better for parents to put a time limit to the usage of electronic devices for their children. Overall, parents should take control in terms of the time their children use on electronic devices. If parents do not make the right move now, in future their kids are just going to be letting their eyesihght to get worser, and lack sleep. This might also cause health problem in future.