"Keep calm and love homework."-Anonymous. Homework is an essential tool in our lives, and many people get pressured and stressed by the overload of homework that they receive from their teachers over days some even going to the extent of crying. Homework was invented in 1905 by Robert Nevilin and is still very much present in today's modern schools. In my opinion, homework can be very useful to us and I do not agree with this statement. Many people complain that homework is useless. To begin with, homework is useful as it helps students learn to manage their time properly. Homework allows students to plan their time, so that they have sufficient time to study, do their homework, and also for leisure. The students will be able to learn how to put their homework as their first priority so that in the future, when they are working, they will be efficient and fast. However, there are also downsides to having homework. One may feel too stressed from keeping up deadlines and may not be able to cope with the enormous stress that they gain from it. Furthermore, homework can also help to improve one's grades, it can motivate students to continue studying and may even teach them a thing or two. In 2020, a research was conducted by Oxford University. They found out that 95% of students who consistently do their homework, do extraordinarily well in grades compared to students who are lazy and refuse to do their homework. In addition, homework also is a good way for revision. You can refer to it anytime you want one it has been marked and if there is any questions that needs to be clarified or, one may get wrong they can always ask the teacher how to solve the problem. Whatever homework students may not be able to do well in their studies and might not be motivated for school. Finally, homework is not a waste of time as without homework, many people will not be able to check if they are doing well in their studies or not. Homework helps to improve one's knowledge on the topic that they are doing and allows one to get better at it. If they are getting all the questions in the homework wrong, they will know which areas require improvements. From doing this, their grades will also improve and the students will be scoring higher marks compared to the homework as did not exist. Many people make the argument that people will have to sleep late if there is homework. However, if one has enough discipline and integrity, they will be able to finish their homework in time and be able to sleep early. In conclusion, homework is not a waste of time and it is very essential and useful in a student's life. Without it, many students may not be able to cope with their studies and eventually, their grades will dwindle.