CCA are defined as after school learnings that allows students to be apart from educational subjects. Parents usually think that children take this as an excuse to put aside educational subjects especially in a Secondary school life. Unfortunately, that is not the case. CCA allows students to unleash their hidden talents and foster a strong bond between their friends. It can come to be a vital component of your secondary school life that not only helps you in learning new skills, but also building up your portfolio. Chosing a CCA does not mean that we choose it haparzadly in other words, we take note of the following factors such as time,sustainability, learning opportunities and how it will help in furthering your education skills. Thus, CCA is a compulsory component for students that allows one to realise their potential for future purposes and have a break from all the different subjects. Firstly, we focus on the time factor. CCA's does usually take up alot of time especially when you have extra trainings affter school. Therefore before we always choose a CCA  wisely before even continuing with choosing the CCA will trully like. I am not trying to indoctrinate vryone by saying that we should keep studies away completely. We should at least make time to do things at the right timings. If not, we should strive for a CCA that wont compromise too much time on your studies. itself. Therefore, time might br taken up if we do not choose our CCA rationally. Secondly, is sustainability.Sustainability allows students to be able to sustain within ones Every secondary school student can join a CCA from sports, uniformed groups, clubs and societies, visual and performing arts group. Students have to filter and discern which CCA is best suited for ourselves. Depending on the end goal you have in mind with the CCA you decide to take up, you have to see  the suitability of the CCAs offered with your interests and intended end  you have set for yourself in mind. It may be a little hard to envision, but try to consider how joining this CCA will help in your post-secondary education. CCA points? Lastly, we consider on the learning opportunities that you may tend to get learn from the CCA we pick. We pick up new skills and implement it for various pirposes in life. As a matter of fact, the CCA that we choose in primary school allows one to be comfortable with one one of the new CCA that one picks. This would further enhance the ability to do well in their continuous CCA or even exceed better in the future if one has any plans ahead. Thus, in my opinion, i feel that CCA should be compulsory even though it is an not a study related activity, it would bring some benefit to their future as they pick up new skills from their CCA. CCA may seem as a uncompulsory component but it benefits in a way that unknowingly helps student set free from the long hours of work and stress load in school.
